README.md, before:

# zeromq-ppqueue

ZeroMQ Reliable Request-Reply Paranoid Pirate Pattern - queue module

Don't know what this is? See the [0MQ Guide](http://zguide.zeromq.org/page:all#toc91).

## Usage

Use in conjunction with [Lazy Pirate Server](https://github.com/lukebond/zeromq-lpserver) and [Paranoid Pirate Worker](https://github.com/lukebond/zeromq-ppworker).

### Paranoid Pirate example

For Paranoid Pirate we need three components- the Lazy Pirate client, Paranoid Pirate queue and Paranoid Pirate worker.

`ppqueue.js` (taken from https://github.com/lukebond/zeromq-ppqueue/blob/master/example/example.js):
```javascript
var PPQueue = require('../index');
var ppq = new PPQueue({backendUrl: 'tcp://127.0.0.1:9001', frontendUrl: 'tcp://127.0.0.1:9000'});
```

`ppworker.js` (taken from https://github.com/lukebond/zeromq-ppworker/blob/master/example/example.js):
```javascript
var PPWorker = require('../index');

function workerFn(cb) {
  console.log(Date.now() + ' - Got a request for work');
  return cb(JSON.stringify({ppworker: 'pretending to do work'}));
}

var ppw = new PPWorker({url: 'tcp://127.0.0.1:9001'}, workerFn);
```

Run all three together in different terminals and you should get output like this:

```
$ node lpclient
1406655819662 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655819766 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655819867 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655819969 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655820071 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655820172 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655820273 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655820374 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655820476 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
```

```
$ node ppqueue
```
_(no output)_

```
$ node ppworker
1406655819650 - Got a request for work
1406655819765 - Got a request for work
1406655819867 - Got a request for work
1406655819969 - Got a request for work
1406655820071 - Got a request for work
1406655820172 - Got a request for work
1406655820272 - Got a request for work
1406655820374 - Got a request for work
1406655820476 - Got a request for work
```

The Paranoid Pirate queue is routing the request-reply pairs between the client and the worker.

## Licence

MIT

Commit message:

Mentioned test in the README

README.md, after:

# zeromq-ppqueue

ZeroMQ Reliable Request-Reply Paranoid Pirate Pattern - queue module

Don't know what this is? See the [0MQ Guide](http://zguide.zeromq.org/page:all#toc91).

## Usage

Use in conjunction with [Lazy Pirate Server](https://github.com/lukebond/zeromq-lpserver) and [Paranoid Pirate Worker](https://github.com/lukebond/zeromq-ppworker).

### Paranoid Pirate example

For Paranoid Pirate we need three components- the Lazy Pirate client, Paranoid Pirate queue and Paranoid Pirate worker.

`ppqueue.js` (taken from https://github.com/lukebond/zeromq-ppqueue/blob/master/example/example.js):
```javascript
var PPQueue = require('../index');
var ppq = new PPQueue({backendUrl: 'tcp://127.0.0.1:9001', frontendUrl: 'tcp://127.0.0.1:9000'});
```

`ppworker.js` (taken from https://github.com/lukebond/zeromq-ppworker/blob/master/example/example.js):
```javascript
var PPWorker = require('../index');

function workerFn(cb) {
  console.log(Date.now() + ' - Got a request for work');
  return cb(JSON.stringify({ppworker: 'pretending to do work'}));
}

var ppw = new PPWorker({url: 'tcp://127.0.0.1:9001'}, workerFn);
```

Run all three together in different terminals and you should get output like this:

```
$ node lpclient
1406655819662 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655819766 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655819867 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655819969 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655820071 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655820172 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655820273 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655820374 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
1406655820476 - Got work: {"ppworker":"pretending to do work"}
```

```
$ node ppqueue
```
_(no output)_

```
$ node ppworker
1406655819650 - Got a request for work
1406655819765 - Got a request for work
1406655819867 - Got a request for work
1406655819969 - Got a request for work
1406655820071 - Got a request for work
1406655820172 - Got a request for work
1406655820272 - Got a request for work
1406655820374 - Got a request for work
1406655820476 - Got a request for work
```

The Paranoid Pirate queue is routing the request-reply pairs between the client and the worker.

## Tests

A bit thin on the ground at the moment, but there is an integration test in this project that tests Lazy Pirate client, Paranoid Pirate queue and Paranoid Pirate worker together.

## Licence

MIT
